---
title: "Vegan Paella"
author_profile: false
---
### Ingredients
- 2 cups Spanish paella rice or brown rice
- 1 quart vegetable broth
- 2 medium tomatoes
- 1 onion
- 2 links vegan chorizo
- 3 - 4 cloves garlic
- 10 - 15 threads saffron
- sea salt and pepper to taste
- 4 Tablespoons of olive oil

### Preparation

1. Rinse the rice in cool water until the water is clear, then drain the excess water. Prepare the vegetables by washing the tomatoes and broccolini, and removing the skins from the onion and garlic. Cut the onion into quarters, then dice into small chunks. Cut the tomato into quarters, then dice into small chunks. Either dice the garlic finely with a chef's knife, or use a garlic press to mince the garlic.

2. Heat the olive oil in a skillet to medium heat. Add the onions and cook until they are translucent, stirring occasionally, for about 4 minutes. Add in the tomatoes, garlic, salt, pepper, and saffron. Let the mixture simmer for another 4 minutes. Next, add the rice, and stir to combine. Turn the heat to low, and move on to the next step.

3. Add vegetable stock to a saucepan and bring to a boil. Transfer the rice and vegetable mixture to the pan, stirring just to combine. Set a timer for 20 minutes. While you're waiting for the rice, get started with the vegan chorizo. Remove vegan sausages from the wrapper, and cut into evenly sliced coins, about a half-inch thick. Add a small amount of oil to a frying pan and brown the vegan sausages on each side for about 2 minutes.

4. Let the pan cool off for a few minutes, then plate and serve.

5. Bon appetite!
